pcd: Add read network core application version command (#12409)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Updated credentials for the HTTPS connection.

* :ref:`http_modem_delta_update_sample` sample:

> * Updated credentials for the HTTPS connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Updated credentials for the HTTPS connection.
```

> * Added a new DFU SMP target for the image update to an external MCU by using the MCUmgr SMP Client.

Reviewer: Which library exactly is this referring to?

> Peripheral CPU DFU (PCD) library
> --------------------------------
> 
> * Added a new function for reading peripherals CPU version number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :ref:`subsys_pcd` library:

  * Added a new function for reading the CPU version number of a peripheral.
```
Do you want to mention the exact function?

Author: Sure we could refer to `int pcd_find_fw_version(void);`

Reviewer: So, tag it like this: :c:func:`int pcd_find_fw_version(void);`

> Netboot

Reviewer: Which library do you want to refer to?

Author: I want to refer to https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/samples/nrf5340/netboot/README.html

Reviewer: Well, in that case, the entry is in wrong place. It should be under Samples -> nRF4340 samples, something like:

* :ref:`nc_bootloader` sample:

  * Write your change here

> * Added a new DFU SMP target for the image update to an external MCU by using the MCUmgr SMP Client.

Reviewer: Is this referring to a specific DFU library, or just a common thing within the DFU libraries?

Author: I did not add `* Added a new DFU SMP target for the image update to an external MCU by using the MCUmgr SMP Client."` this part if you are referring to that? or are you referring to something else?

Author: I've added this part as suggested
```

* :ref:`subsys_pcd` library:

  * Added function :c:func:`pcd_network_core_app_version` for reading peripheral CPU application version number.
  
 ```
 
 Should it be moved back to the PCD subsection? You suggested to remove it in a previous comment so I removed it.

Reviewer: Yep, that is what I mean. I need to find out who wrote it then.

Reviewer 2: That would be @jheiskan81

Author: last edited 82c0e739c7

Reviewer: No worries @sigvartmh, no need to move anything anywhere. We are good. Just need to squeeze Juha Heiskanen about the earlier entry under DFU libraries.

The following list summarizes both the main changes inherited from upstream MCUboot and the main changes applied to the |NCS| specific additions:

> * Version check for network core when downgrade prevention is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a version check for network core when downgrade prevention is enabled.
```
